the ball the hurricane woman goes to look for
the ball and sir and will look for the
number 10 of the balloon and they lowered it and there
free throw in three quarters of court and
in coastal fixation sanitary attack
with hurricane hurricane and the ball of
Federico stands up is also
capurro between the two hey hey understand
so later you get angry today in
this first time the European terrorism
that I stay with caruso at least
run and ask the other is paradito
on one side and look there's free kick for
hurricane is going to hit him capurro time of
game 41 41 I want to scream the first one there
free shot for hurricane is going to hit
capurro I want to scream the first one I stop
I stand up I stopped the boat sang it
singing arrives that bores a free throw
let's see what happens the center that goes and
it goes appears the pipita enabled it to
enabled
something something something houses something something to the goal
goal goal
I
when the pibito casaca number 7 appears
threw the center back like mass of heat
all I football and they all went in and you
what says it so much hook was a coat
number 9 to 41 minutes place a
capture united mouth of currents only
has already expired
ibra can get the triumph of this
this partial triumph this violates the 41
few minutes of the end in a play with
ball stop ball above
looking for the penetration of espinoza by
the right sector makes the law of the
The Corrientes team drains him
before the left sector what engages
danelón enables the kid does the logic
of center edges back behind the line
of the entrance ball life here the
focused from the new 1 to 0 after
talk about merits for 1 to 0
because he knows why goals are made
they deserve to recover the ball
we left the fund we went out we left with
it costs and that the pibito itches the tourist
I think we're going to win the yellow
he became the man yes sir he forgave him the
life to the referee I do not know why he goes
directly to knock it down does not have
no intention to play the ball was
directly to commit the infraction
bless vilo before the other mint peak
piperita I drink a glass of soda
I do not have time
all right
and those of the flesh boric meat got a
left-handed is informed at 22 23 I was going to
take a soda I have to take the
brothers impressive goal of
federico under a court that the round
I slept asleep
now they sing
not with me good
conclude that they saw the day
and I discovered that it's not the fault that the
central marker maldonado be gifted
the ball in a play where you
I taught a kid of 9 years never
must reject for the maldonado medium
rejection for the middle the ball was
chopping outside the area he hit a
Awesome lefthander matias defederico
a great goal from another match Matías
It is not the fault of the defector
Corrientes descents wrong in
win as 2 to 0 and yellow for a game
of contents